Mibu!
Here…
Someone left another
weird bouquet this year.
It's just a misdirected grudge.
Don't worry about it.
Okay.
It smells so clean and nice.
Thanks to you, Mr. Koyama,
I can live comfortably in a hotel.
You're a big help.
I owe you a lot, Mr. Kyogoku.
It's no trouble at all
to prepare a room under my name.
People in our line of work
can't stay in hotels that require us
to write down our real names.
If we use a fake name,
we'll get locked up for fraud.
So we can only stay in love hotels,
even if we have money.
I took care of that thing
you asked me to do.
Huh?
The parent problem.
He ruined a major cash cow and star,
Shizuku Pien, for just three million.
I had to settle the score.
Her parent who sued us…
I had his crotch burned off,
and he was turned into a eunuch.
I saw a photo of him after the punishment.
He'll never be able to use it again.
He'll have to use a catheter
for the rest of his life.
What? He's still alive?
Huh?
What if he talks?
Are you sure it'll be okay?
What?
You want me to kill him?
Oh, no.
I'm expressing that I'm thirsty.
Didn't you notice?
Sorry. I'll get it right away.
Don't worry about him talking.
They'll never be able
to trace it back to you.
I see.
Here you go.
Oh, right. I have a favor to ask.
Can you lend me one
of your popular actresses for a day?
Yes. I'll call our most popular actress
here right away.
That's not it.
Yes?
I want an amateur tape of a cocky CEO,
who's married with kids,
hooking up with a popular actress.
We'll secretly film them
and blackmail him.
The end goal is to take over his company.
For that,
I'll get Attorney Kujo on our side
and have him work like a pigeon.
The higher the mountain,
the deeper the valley.
I'll show him
what rock bottom really means.
Attorney Karasuma, are you feeling unwell?
It's not my body. It's my heart.
Your heart?
Any case involving Mibu
leads to that person.
Who do you mean by "that person"?
You know who I'm talking about.
Kyogoku…
Go in.
Thank you, Attorney Kujo.
Do you remember?
I met you two before at Kiko Nursing Home.
Of course.
At the time, I never imagined
that you were acquainted with Mibu.
I was ordered by Mibu
to keep an eye on the CEO, Mr. Sugawara.
We're brothers who shared a cup.
I'll kill you if you betray me.
I was found out and beaten half to death.
After all that,
I'm surprised you still work for Mibu.
He's the one who saved my life.
Mr. Kuga,
you were arrested on suspicion
of violating the Employment Security Act.
You were suspected
of introducing girls to an escort agency
for the purpose
of making them do sex work.
Sir,
these are separate charges.
Why do you consider it a separate arrest?
Last week, a driver named Tonohata,
who works for our escort agency,
was kidnapped and assaulted.
I was interrogated as a suspect.
Why were you suspected?
Tonohata set fire to my car.
He was caught
on the security camera and arrested.
It seems that he was pushed
by the police to cooperate.
Sir, am I going to be taken away?
I don't know what Tonohata
has fessed up to and how much,
so I can't give a definitive answer yet.
Did you lay a hand on Tonohata?
No, not at all.
I was in Fukuoka that day.
I see. Understood.
If there's no other evidence,
don't say anything unnecessary.
Remain silent.
Would I be able to remain silent?
Arashiyama, the lead detective
from the Organized Crime Division,
really gets on my nerves.
Detective Arashiyama?
Yes.
He's really aggressive towards me,
so I feel like I might talk back to him.
Do you know why
he's being aggressive with you?
Arashiyama's daughter
was murdered.
Everyone, halt!
Line up!
The one who killed her…
Face left!
…was a guy named Yuto Inukai.
He was a friend from my hometown.
That's why Arashiyama resents me and Mibu.
Attorney Karasuma.
HONJO POLICE STATION
Have you tried the takoyaki
advertised as "Japan's top takoyaki"?
What?
Takoyaki.
This is not the time
to be talking about that.
Why are you so carefree?
Let's buy it today and see if it's true.
With lots of mayonnaise.
Attorney Kujo.
Why have you become a lapdog
for the yakuza and gangs? Is it for money?
What is this all of a sudden?
You're being rude.
You're the son of the famous prosecutor,
Yukisada Kurama.
And your older brother,
Kuroudo Kurama, is also a prosecutor.
Your brother is on the career track,
so don't get in his way.
That's none of your business.
Between them and me,
we're all different individuals.
You shouldn't lump us together.
And I've already cut ties with my family.
That's not how society sees it.
Why should I care
about what society thinks?
Excuse me.
Are you Attorney Karasuma?
Yes.
Do you do it for money too?
But you're still young.
-Did you become an attorney to do this?
-No, I didn't.
Is it true that you cut ties
with your brother, Prosecutor Kurama?
Yes, it's true.
Why did you do that?
Who was that just now?
Detective Arashiyama
of the Organized Crime Division.
Oh, that's him.
I don't like the way detectives think.
Detectives think in binary terms.
They only see people
as suspects or collaborators.
We can never have a decent conversation.
But his daughter was murdered, right?
Do you know about that case,
Attorney Kujo?
It was ten years ago.
A woman's body was found on the riverbank.
The body was
that of 20-year-old Manami Ogawa,
Detective Arashiyama's daughter.
Her parents divorced,
so her surname was different.
Several minors were promptly arrested
after multiple bodily fluids, believed
to belong to the perpetrators, were found.
Manami Ogawa was attacked from behind
on her way home,
and her valuables were stolen.
Then she was assaulted.
She screamed,
so they strangled her to death.
-Second dish.
-Third dish coming.
-First dish.
-Third dish.
The one who actually killed her,
Yuto Inukai,
was sentenced to an indeterminate term
of ten to fifteen years
and is still serving his time.
The two accomplices have been released
and are in social rehabilitation.
Detective Arashiyama,
is Mr. Kuga really guilty?
Of course he's guilty.
But he has an alibi.
He was in Fukuoka that day. And--
Fukami,
it's hard to see through
a person's true nature
if you're spaced out.
A person's true nature?
The face they show in public
and to family. And their true face.
Only the person themselves and those
who share their sins know their true face.
Don't just study the perpetrator. Look at
the victim's personality and home life.
Find out why
they were involved in the crime.
It's the golden rule of investigation.
-Yes.
-Okay. Good job today.
Where are you going?
I have something to do at home.
I understand the outline of the case.
But why does
Detective Arashiyama resent Mibu
for being senior to Inukai,
the main perpetrator?
This is just my guess, but…
Detective Arashiyama knows
that Mr. Kyogoku is above Mibu.
See? I told you
not to get involved with Mr. Kyogoku.
This means they might've been involved
in the murder case, right?
Get involved with people like that,
and you'll really lose your badge.
Like I said, this is just my guess.
Then,
are you saying that
Detective Arashiyama's case isn't over?
Hey, how was it?
Where's Detective Arashiyama?
He said he had something to do.
Keep an eye on him.
I'm worried about that guy.
Huh?
He's going to be released soon.
Why is Detective Arashiyama
still investigating this
when the perpetrators have been arrested?
He says it's baffling.
What's baffling?
Come here for a sec.
There's no connection between
the turf where Inukai held influence
and Detective Arashiyama's
daughter's house.
It's not even a downtown area.
They had no reason to go there.
Inukai and his gang claim
that they didn't know
Detective Arashiyama's daughter.
So he suspects
that someone ordered them to do it.
Was it Kengo Mibu?
Or maybe those above him,
the Fushimi-gumi.
Now, that's baffling in itself.
Why would he think that?
He says it's his intuition as a detective.
But the trial is over, and the sentence
has been finalized, so it's too late.
And isn't Detective Arashiyama's
solo investigation a private one?
Her phone, which was found
among her belongings, is locked.
MIHO, MANAMI
Nowadays, you can ask a professional
to analyze it for about 500,000.
But back then, it wasn't possible.
The investigation is over,
and the trial is over too,
but nothing's over
for Detective Arashiyama.
A six-digit passcode
has a million possible combinations.
A few wrong attempts
and it won't respond for a day.
That's left him in limbo for years,
day after day.
The probability of unlocking it
is one in a million.
He could just ask a professional.
It's a parent's obsession.
This abnormal behavior is the only way
that he can stay connected
to his murdered daughter.
It's a miracle.
A miracle has happened
on Manami's death anniversary.
FREQUENTLY USED ITEMS - HISTORY - CONTACTS
CALL HISTORY
MIHO
MIHO - MANAMI
CALLING
MIHO
Hello?
I'm Manami Ogawa's father.
Manami's… father?
If you don't mind,
could I ask you about my daughter?
Um…
Nice to meet you.
You're Miho Kinugasa, right?
I'm Mr. Arashiyama.
I called the other day.
Oh…
Hello. I'm Ms. Kinugasa.
Um…
How did you know my daughter?
We were like drinking buddies.
Manami drank alcohol?
Yes, quite a bit.
Actually, a lot.
We were kind of the pioneers
of getting paid to drink.
We often drank together
in Nishiazabu and Roppongi.
Paid drinking?
With IT company CEOs and the like.
We drank with guys who were living large.
We didn't know what they did for a living.
And we got 30,000 for the taxi fare.
30,000? Just for drinking?
Well, as a single mother in her thirties,
I don't belong there anymore.
Your kid is crying. Is everything okay?
It's fine. If I don't let the baby cry,
the nighttime crying will be worse.
The person next door bangs on the wall.
Ms. Kinugasa,
can you give me
the contact information of those CEOs?
I don't know their contact information.
I was all about work and didn't know
anything about my daughter.
But now, I want to know.
Can you remember anything
that might be a clue?
I wonder if it's still there…
Manami's alt account.
Alt account?
Yeah. Her alternative account.
Oh…
Here it is.
IMPOSSIBLE CAT
Thank you for your cooperation.
Um…
I'm struggling
to make ends meet right now.
I went out of my way
and made time to talk to you,
so can you give me 30,000 yen?
So you didn't do this out of kindness,
and now you want something in return?
That's the side effect
of having earned money easily.
Is that a good way to parent your child?
Shut up.
That's a perfect example, old man.
Your daughter hated you
because you're condescending
and look down on everyone.
IMPOSSIBLE CAT
0 FOLLOWING - 4 FOLLOWERS
I want to be praised.
Even if it's a lie, I want to be praised.
Is this what they call
an attention seeker?
I saw Koyashan's phone.
There were pictures
of his beautiful wife and newborn baby.
I was being deceived.
An affair?
Koyashan was once
the father of our child, you know?
Dad's job is to punish bad people.
He said, "If anything bad
happens to you, tell Dad."
Dad was always at work,
and we hardly ever talked.
My life was full of bad things happening,
but I couldn't say anything.
I'm going to tell his wife
about our relationship.
I'm going to tell my police officer dad
all of Koyashan's secrets.
I'll drag him to hell with me.
I plucked up the courage to call Dad.
I wanted to ask him for advice.
Is it okay to let jealousy
and anger take over?
I don't want to stray from the right path.
DAD
Would Dad have guided me?
MANAMI
-What's wrong, Arashiyama?
-Oh, it's nothing.
-Let's go.
-Yes.
All right.
I was busy with work,
so I ignored the call.
IMPOSSIBLE CAT:
BUT I COULDN'T TELL HIM
Manami…
MIHO - MANAMI
Mr. Koyama, what is this place?
Oh,
this is a vacant room
that was for mistresses.
You can use it if you like.
Mr. Kyogoku offered it as a favor.
CALLING
MR. KYOGOKU
Oh, Attorney Kujo. It's Mr. Kyogoku.
Please use Mr. Koyama's room.
Why the sudden offer?
I heard from Mibu.
I'm worried about your health
because your living environment is so bad.
No, thank you, Mr. Kyogoku.
I'll find a house that suits me.
Then, Attorney Kujo,
how about being an advisor to Mr. Koyama?
The CEO will pay you a lot.
I value your skills.
I'd love you to advise more companies.
Well, they're all a little shady.
I don't refuse requests based on
their status or if they're good or bad,
but I won't become an advisor.
What's the difference?
Well, whatever.
If you don't like the carrot,
I'll hit you with the stick.
One day…
you will become
my obedient pigeon, Attorney Kujo.
Hello.
Attorney Karasuma.
Where's Attorney Kujo?
Well…
You came alone?
Yes.
That's a first.
What is it?
Mibu, do you know Detective Arashiyama?
The one from the Organized Crime Division.
Kind of.
What kind of detective is he?
He's an annoying cop
who treats people like us like bugs.
He'll drag you in for the smallest thing,
even if it's unrelated,
and his interrogations are ruthless.
But that's the right thing to do
as a detective, isn't it?
Is it okay for an attorney
to say such a thing?
Is that all?
Tell me about the murder case
of Detective Arashiyama's daughter.
You're acting like a detective.
No, it's not
that I'm interested in the truth.
I just want to know if you
or Mr. Kyogoku were involved.
We were.
What would you do if I meant it?
Please stay away from Attorney Kujo.
Detective Arashiyama will go to
any lengths to solve his daughter's case.
He might make up a reason
to arrest Attorney Kujo.
If, by any chance,
he was to be found guilty,
he'd lose his attorney's badge,
and we'd both be finished.
I won't let that happen.
I need Attorney Kujo too.
I'll protect him no matter what.
Then stay away from him.
You guys just want to protect
Attorney Kujo for your own benefit.
It's about money, right?
But I'm different.
No other lawyer is there for the weak
like Attorney Kujo.
I want to protect that.
Then who will protect us?
You should be that person.
A lawyer like Attorney Kujo.
You should become one.
Besides,
whether he wants us
to stay away from him or not,
shouldn't Attorney Kujo decide himself?
ORGANIZED CRIME DIVISION
Please wait here for a moment.
Detective Arashiyama.
Huh?
A woman's here to speak with you.
What? Did you remember something?
Ms. Kinugasa, I can't pay you any money.
Your kid's quiet today.
After really thinking about it,
Manami was the only one.
Everyone else was indifferent.
Manami was the only one
who really listened to my worries.
I mean,
everyone was trying
not to get entangled with me.
Human relationships are a pain,
aren't they?
If Manami was still alive,
I think we could've stayed friends.
So, what did you remember?
Something about Koyashan.
He was a pimp… or something like that.
A pimp?
He'd introduce unsuccessful bikini models
and underground idols
to rich men for prostitution
and take a cut of the fee.
He was dating Manami at the time.
His name is Yoshiaki Koyama.
YOSHIAKI KOYAMA
Hey. I heard from Fukami.
You're still looking into
your daughter's case.
Well, I understand how you feel,
but this case was solved ten years ago.
You should focus on
what's in front of you.
With all due respect, Captain Sumiyama,
nothing has been solved.
If you doubt whether what you're doing
is right, you can't put yourself at risk.
We put our lives on the line for justice.
Listen, Arashiyama.
Justice is decided by the organization.
If you have a problem with that,
bring in more suspects.
Stop investigating a case
from ten years ago.
If you don't like it,
complain behind our backs,
but hide your true feelings.
Hey, Arashiyama.
As expected of Attorney Kujo,
you got cut loose in 20 days.
Yes.
Oh, Mibu, thank you for arranging
for him to be my attorney.
Was it tough staying silent?
Yes. That damn Arashiyama was persistent.
Arashiyama, huh?
Oh, Inukai's getting out soon, right?
Yeah.
Please, Attorney Kujo.
I can't forgive my ex-husband.
Sachiko, calm down.
First, could you tell me the details?
I can't forgive him.
Oh, I can't forgive him.
Hello, this is Mr. Arashiyama.
Ms. Kinugasa, is now a good time to talk?
Oh, yes. But please make it quick.
Could you tell me what "P5" and "P7"
in my daughter's messages mean?
Those are the prices for prostitution.
It means 50,000 yen
and 70,000 yen for sugar dating.
Two hours for one means paid drinking.
I didn't want to talk about it too much
because Koyashan's a little scary.
But now that I'm a parent myself,
I understand how you feel,
so I'll tell you something.
Okay.
He had many young mistresses.
He threatened them
with drug-fueled sex and the yakuza
and forced them into prostitution.
Girls with daddy issues, you know…
They've usually never
been praised by their parents.
They feel they have no worth in life,
and they lose confidence in themselves.
That's why they seek
romantic relationships,
even if it means
having to accommodate the other person.
Even though they're treated horribly,
they lie to themselves about reality.
I'm like that too, though.
Maybe Manami was also like that.
I'm back.
That's not true.
Okay.
Thank you, Attorney Karasuma.
Hello, this is Kujo.
Attorney Kujo, Koyama was arrested.
Please do something.
Subtitle translation by: Miho Kunisawa